and in this third soon it follows
showing more images and interviews
by the factory itself on the lake in bronze
in Sao Paulo Brazil
also in the part and compressors
compressor assembly and also on the ball
I came here as she said she is
divided into quadrants directed to
product families
we have here from compressors
all part of valves treatment of
air and actuators where here with us
can follow the assembly process
of a final product
the fantastic line of compressors has the
opportunity to see how it is housed in
compressor and the German brand in Normandy
and also by the will reveals squid
here are all processes at each post
there is a validation of the part of
presence of components and the whole
the required torque safety
validation of the processes put in place
the line is ready to be
release the next station only after
Full completion of the previous post
so that at the end of this line
there is a functional test in order to
ensure the technical quality of the product
reproduced the test functionality in
use of a component that is being
mounted to each line
every person who is dying to head
of the year obliges the chi and nobility of
a large part of these parts in the line
of compressors we must have
approximately 60% of manufactured items
here as the block machining some
heads and other items that we
we buy from the market that make up the
compressor as a whole
The problem is that it passes the test to
proof and to go straight to the market
national and international level that the
that does not pass in the first is identified
reason why the test failed
because this may be a failure of the
product of a component or a
process
this is very important for us to
that this is detected so that it does not
occurrence and the problem is solved.
focus immediately
also deserves is that the exchange with visa
remanufactured yes we have another
within the same site where it is
aimed at manufacturing parts
remanufactured the objective is
put on the market a piece with high
level of quality and high degree of
durability
however directed to the market
Replacement for Brazil and for America
southern spoon main sound motif
as a rule from the objective cuzco
if you have a high-grade product
quality where you have a
reuse of some parts where
if this allows reuse of
so that you have a cheaper cost
accessible to the market
it is also important to highlight that much
maneuver is walking here he is alone in the
Law lacey or yes yes
today they notice an about 800
collaborators and of this total 40%
already from the region
The purpose of oprah is that people
had this labor been used
a very long period in the part of
training and development of this
manpower still strategically
São Paulo plant before bringing it to
so that when the factory had
installed in the region of itupeva
in this new site the workforce would already be
trained and trained to set up
big china products
he is the moment she steps to finish wanted
after the assembly was completed
a functional test is done where cimed
leakage
the compressor filler all over
technical conditions of use
after validation of this test the system
authorizes and approves the test by
identification with the traceability of the
product for which this product may be
monitored throughout its useful life.
follows this product that we are seeing in
moment and is talent to be used already
it's ready the subject is sweet yes it's
approved and ready to be directed
to the market
when it ended up in the river by the factory
wilson pt late in the last match and already
no bullet
yes yes it 's all products are
packed in the final stage of the process in
the way they are headed
to be shipped delivered to the
customers already on the specified packaging
then after the assembly process the
quality approval tests with the
identification of the product
traceability are made the parts of
which are the thread protections
and consequently the packaging that will be
targeted to our customers
let's not imagine if there really was
very important the visit we made
here the last reason factory is by
limitation is very important
recognition of nobility for me
trucker of the year award winning hair
a book such a quick visit for the first time
is a quick measure really because
we will have multicultural here in são paulo
another visit as soon as the tamar
thank you for no doubt that we
Thank you for your presence.
it is very important that a vehicle of
communicating the importance of you one
in the country and is an exhibition of our brand
The objective is to show the quality of the
our product the reliability of our
product and the importance of having a
factory with high development
level of technology and quality to
put this in our market for the
next time an open invitation is
if you wish to see some process in
more detail with greater depth
your house
will go on that said that I will
bag where I understand I 'm going to kill him
Come back to where it's south, I'll steal it.
Where is the error?
The difficult triumph only kills there.